Hey. you gotta slow down!
There's a big pothole up there.
I know. Give
me just a few more minutes.
and we'll be at Grandpa's house.
Whoa!
What? Uh...
How am I doing this?
Who am I?
Clark. Alarm.
Ha!
It's today.
Uh...
Hello. sir.
Hi. Mr. White.
Uh. okay. Shake gently.
Do not crush his hand.
Hey. Clark?
I gotta pee.
Today. just be
normal. Today. just...
Be extraordinary!
Mr. White. Thank you
for calling me in today.
because I've got one
heck of a story for you.
Pew-pew!
No. don't do that to your boss.
I'm Clark Kent...
and this is a dream
come true.
Shoes.
This is it. This is the story
that'll make you a real reporter.
You can do this.
I can do this.
I'm gonna hide my powers and be
a normal man having a normal day.
Starting now.
Okay. I had to save the
cat. I had to save the cat.
I'm a normal man having a
normal day. starting now.
Oh!
Hi. there. After... you.
Thanks.
See you in there. big guy.
Hey.
Uh. uh... Hello.
- Uh. my name is...
- Clark!
Oh. those
repairs you did
on the back door are wonderful.
Ooh. and I have the
three dozen donuts
you wanted to eat
all ready to go.
Such a good
appetite. this one.
No. see. it's...
It's not all for me.
But he gets the
sprinkles all over.
That's why
we made him the bib.
Uh... Well. it's... Today's my
first day of work and I'm...
Honey. Clark is here.
Good man! get his bib?
Thank you.
Well. now you've...
seen me in a bib.
- Uh-huh?
- So. I'm. uh. just gonna leave before this gets any worse.
Goodbye forever.
Uh. sorry. I'll fix
the front door later!
I can't believe we're late.
I can't believe our alarm
clock exploded again.
Why do you think
that keeps happening?
So. hey! Our... Our...
Our first day at the Daily Planet.
You nervous?
Ha! I am pumped.
It's Kent and Olsen.
uncovering truths.
Wait! Uh. Jimmy...
Like the fact that
aliens walk among us.
And there it is.
Aliens. Loch Ness. Bigfoot...
that one
psychic starfish from Germany.
It's all real.
And with my keen eye for
observation. huh. I'll get the proof.
Don't worry.
I'll tell our boss all of
this the instant we meet him.
Jimmy...
I'm just gonna cut
him off and say...
Stolen military robots
are being hidden here in Metropolis...
- and I've got the scoop.
- Lane.
Mt. Simonson Base is
the inventory warehouse
for experimental
military projects.
and a day ago they got robbed.
The only road out leads
through Metropolis.
which means thieves with
dangerous war machines
are loose in our city.
People need to know about this.
So...
Ready for me to bust
the story wide open?
No. Lois. you're an intern.
The only reason I called you
in today was to meet them.
- Hi.
- You?
You.
These are the new interns.
I want you to show them
the ropes and get...
They can help me with the story.
Oh. have you considered
that these robots
might have come from
beyond the stars?
Uh. they came from an army base.
There's only so many
places to hide them.
I've already got a lead.
It could be the sewer dinosaurs.
- So we follow up...
- Moth Man.
Meet my source...
Merpeople! Merpeople!
- Find the robots...
- And get the story.
Then what are we
waiting around here for?
Uh. donut. Mr. White?
Chief?
New interns. out.
Old intern. stay.
You do not report the news.
You do not leave this building.
Your job is to teach the interns
how to scan things and make coffee.
That's it.
- Mr. White. for the good of Metropolis...
- For the good of me.
you need to stop coming
in with these wild ideas.
Do what I tell you to do.
Lane. this is your last chance.
Are you okay?
I can apologize to Mr. White.
if... if that'll help.
Are you kidding?
He kept me behind
because he wants you
to help me follow up on
my stolen robot story.
Really? He
seemed pretty upset.
Nah. that's just his face.
You wanna impress Mr. White.
this is our chance.
Let's go.
You like her.
No. What?
I mean. I... I
admire Miss Lane.
Yeah. you do.
As professionals.
Jimmy. Professionals.
Well. come on. Kent.
Just take a risk. What's
the worst that could happen?
Don't touch that.
What took you so long. Willis?
The crew was getting restless.
Our fence wasn't
at the drop point.
We have no buyer.
- What the...
- It gets better.
Every buyer. fixer. or fence in
Metropolis has just disappeared on us.
We're stuck here.
Leslie. we can't just
sit in a warehouse
full of freaky stolen science
weapons till the cops show up.
We don't even know what
half this stuff is.
What are we going to do?
I don't know. Badger.
Why don't we panic real
loud in front of the thieves
and killers we
hired for this job?
What we need to
do is keep moving.
If we can find a way out of town. then I...
Which one of you
messed with the robot?
Mmm. Looks like Brad.
Listen up. people.
We've hit a snag
in the operation.
Do what I say and we
can still get paid.
Fail to do so and
you end up like Brad.
Suit up and load the trucks.
Time for Plan B.
What are we doing?
We're meeting my important
and very serious
journalistic source.
Flip Johnson. woman of business.
This is precious.
Flip is one of the Planet's
newspaper delivery kids.
We call ourselves
the Newskid Legion.
- And because they...
- I'm the leader.
And because they see
everything during their routes.
they always know what's
happening in the city.
Flip. these robots
would have been...
Ms. Lane. while I appreciate
your past English tutoring.
it's bad business to
hand out freebies.
I need something in return.
- Like what?
- I'm glad you asked.
We need your help with
The Newskid Newspaper.
The Newskid Newspaper
is the latest from us.
the people on the street.
Big Words does the puzzle.
Gaby does the op-ed.
Patti does the cartoons.
but only because Mom says
we have to be nice to her.
And I'm the editor.
We want Perry to let us
deliver our paper with his.
So. if you were to ask for us.
and maybe also help me on my
next three English essays...
- One essay.
- Two. and there will be snacks.
Deal.
Okay. in the last 24 hours. a
water main burst at the bank.
they got rats over
at Bogdanov's diner.
Mrs. Jurgens eloped with the superintendent.
Gaby saw a bunch of trucks
running a red light.
And I saw a weird
pigeon. It was gross.
Wait. were they garbage trucks?
Yeah. Why?
Hmm. If I had to transport
stolen goods through the city...
I'd find a way to do
it in plain sight.
Okay. Where did you
guys see the trucks?
And where exactly did
you see them disappear?
Uh. wait. Lois. this is
starting to feel dangerous
for you and Jimmy.
And. uh. to me. too.
Are you sure that Mr. White is
okay with us following this?
Oh.
Yeah. that
was him just now. Uh...
He said he can't wait
to see our story.
Ooh! Over here. Over here.
We have to get inside.
- Boost me up.
- Uh. what?
Just lift me up.
You're. like. twice my size.
You can definitely...
Are you okay?
- Yeah. I'm... Uh. I'm...
- Guys!
We don't have to go through
the window. or whisper.
The door's unlocked.
Oh. that's not good.
No!
The robots should be here.
Look around. There
has to be something.
Oh. look!
"PM."
PM could be initials. like...
Paranormal Meta-sapiens!
It's the term for the
super-intelligent gorillas
France has been hiding.
- Maybe part of a uniform.
- A French one.
- It's not gorillas.
- I know what I'm talking about.
- And it's not Merpeople.
- PM.
- And it's definitely...
- Uh. hello? Clark Kent here.
I know
Lane is dodging me.
so I'm gonna tell you
what I texted her.
All three of you need to get
back to the Planet right now.
or don't bother
coming back at all.
Port of Metropolis.
This is from a
dockworker's jacket.
They're moving the
robots to the docks.
Come on. we can catch them.
- and then we can...
- Perry just called.
Lois. you lied.
I mean. technically. yes. but
you wouldn't have helped me
- if I told the truth.
- You didn't give us the chance.
Because this was too important.
The people of
Metropolis need to know
what's happening in
their city. and...
This isn't about the city.
Lois. it's about you.
I trusted you. and
you used me and Jimmy
just so you could
get your story.
Come on. Clark. We're a team.
We're not a team.
We're just two dummies
who listened to you
because we didn't
know any better.
Now we do.
Fine. I don't need
your help anyway.
Oh!
I can't believe him.
What is wrong with your dumb.
beautiful. coward of a best friend?
Clark's just... You know.
he just grew up in a...
Wait. did you say "beautiful"?
And then he says
I'm the selfish one.
- Hmm.
- I mean. yes. I lied.
But he wouldn't have
helped me unless I had.
Not like he helped that
old lady with the bib.
or... or helped me with Flip.
or... or brought
everyone doughnuts.
or... I was being selfish.
Uh. Lois?
- I got him fired from his dream job.
- Lois!
All to chase a bunch of robots
- that might not even be in the city anymore?
- Lois!
Whoa!
We found the robots.
And the people
who stole them.
Huh? Hey!
Someone take care of this.
Why would you use the robot?
Clark!
Lois was right.
Ugh. I know. She did lie.
but would I have helped her
if she told me the truth?
I... I don't think I would.
And what
does that say about me?
Not that.
Lois and Jimmy found the robots
and the robots turned on them.
What do we do?
Should we call Perry?
The President? My mom?
Clark?
Okay. I think we lost them.
Clark. you came back.
I... We... We... We
have to go get Jimmy.
Guys! Run!
Clark!
- Ahh!
- Clark!
No!
Huh?
Well. I didn't plan for this.
Badger. I need you to...
Fine. new plan.
Huh.
Lois.
Lois! No!
Hello?
Who are you?
Clark!
A normal man
having a normal day. huh?
- Who am I?
- Clark!
Clark!
Clark! Clark!
I'm sorry I lied.
You were right.
I was being selfish.
and you just left us.
But you came back. and...
And I'm sorry.
Clark?
Clark!
You're okay!
Jimmy. please tell
me you got that.
Every second of it.
I have pictures of a man
flying through the air.
He's gotta be an alien.
Everything I've ever
believed in is real!
Uh. you... You got
pictures of the fight?
This is the story
of the century.
Stolen military robots.
taken down by a Superman.
Oh. when we show this to
Perry. he's gonna say...
This is garbage.
Mr. White. this is gold.
What you brought me is a
bunch of blurry pictures
- of robots falling.
- Phew.
What on earth were you thinking?
And you dragged my brand
new interns into this.
It's the truth.
Lois was right about the robots.
and we all stand by
the story we broke.
because we're a team.
Uh. sir.
All the interns out.
Go. I'll figure out what
to do with you tomorrow.
We're not fired?
Does that mean you'll
run our story. Chief?
I'll run your story on the
day you get me a photo shoot
with your very
real "Flying Man."
Now. out!
Hmm.
- Lois?
- Whoo! This is great.
We just have to get an exclusive
interview with Superman.
and then Mr. White will
have to take us seriously.
- That's your takeaway from all this?
- Yup!
And... And I promise. from
now on. no more secrets.
You in. Clark?
Of course. Lois.
Yes!
And no matter where he goes.
no matter where he hides.
we will track Superman down
and force him to tell
us all his secrets.
And then we'll publish them.
This is the
best day of my life!